what's going on
It was fine just now
Why did you suddenly get into trouble?
It was okay, but Shi Huangzi had difficulty breathing.
Face light purple
It seems to be a poisoning battle
How could it be possible to be poisoned?
This is too mediocre food
But they were all poisoned
When Cheng Shi Huangzi took detoxification soup, everything came out of Shi Huangzi
What does not mean
The matter about leaving the palace has not disappeared
Something happened to Huangzi again
Empress, empress, empress, empress, empress, empress, empress
Prince Chi's children's comic is very fast
I'm afraid it's too late to send the antidote.
Now we can only find the murderer
Let the murderer call out the antidote
Only then can Prince Chi be saved
Maybe with Prince Chi
Someone comes and sends someone to defraud the store.
No one is allowed in or out
You must find it for me
Which foods are the problem?
queen empress
These foods are very safe
Has Prince Chi ever eaten it?
Something else?
The teacher you have been looking after
Have you ever seen what he ate?